README.md, before:

# arm-styles [![Install #fix-arm directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install-%23fix--arm-darkgreen.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/fix-arm.user.css) [![Install #darkify-arm directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install-%23darkify--arm-black.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/darkify-arm.user.css)

## What is this?

**#fix-arm** is the user style for [ARM](http://arm.iipo.tu-bryansk.ru) that fixes a lot of bugs (such as broken mobile view or "jelly" table) and contains some features (like adaptive cards on the home page and others).

**#darkify-arm** is the just dark theme for ARM.

## How to use

To use **#fix-arm** or **#darkify-arm** on desktop you need [Stylus extension](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus#releases).

To use on mobile you need to install [Kiwi Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kiwibrowser.browser) or [Yandex.Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yandex.browser) and then install Stylus like a desktop Chrome extension.

#### There are 2 branches: stable and beta:
- **stable**: 
    - [#fix-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/fix-arm.user.css)
    - [#darkify-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/darkify-arm.user.css)
- **beta**: 
    - [#fix-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/beta/fix-arm.user.css)
    - [#darkify-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/beta/darkify-arm.user.css)

You can just click on any style and it will be opened for install (if you have installed Stylus).

Commit message:

1.3.0-beta3
- fixes for .btn-toolbar on course page
- add Stylus param to control sticky students column
- change logic of selecting students column
- fix formatting
- smth else?

README.md, after:

# arm-styles [![Install #fix-arm directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install-%23fix--arm-darkgreen.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/fix-arm.user.css) [![Install #darkify-arm directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install-%23darkify--arm-black.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/darkify-arm.user.css)

## What is this?

**#fix-arm** is the user style for [ARM](http://arm.iipo.tu-bryansk.ru) that fixes a lot of bugs (such as broken mobile view or "jelly" table) and contains some features (like adaptive cards on the home page and others).

**#darkify-arm** is the just dark theme for ARM.

## How to use

To use **#fix-arm** or **#darkify-arm** on desktop you need [Stylus extension](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus#releases).

To use on mobile you need to install [Kiwi Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kiwibrowser.browser) or [Yandex.Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yandex.browser) and then install Stylus like a desktop Chrome extension.

#### There are 2 branches: stable and beta:
- **stable**: 
    - [#fix-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/fix-arm.user.css)
    - [#darkify-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/master/darkify-arm.user.css)
- **beta**: 
    - [#fix-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/beta/fix-arm.user.css)
    - [#darkify-arm](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapdkop/arm-styles/beta/darkify-arm.user.css)

You can just click on any style and it will be opened for install (if you have installed Stylus).

## Options

By default, the students column on the course page will stick to the left border when scrolling. To prevent it disable "**Make the students column sticky**" option in the style settings.
